# pow
www.powarmor.com Building better powered body armor for the human race.
Building better powered body armor for the human race. apache.org/ open licence free to copy modify<br>
This project is still in design phase, I am only showing my beta/demo drafts<br>
Air powered hollow universal direction joint (shoulder, hip, bird-wing..) Locking, lightweight, free to move when off, scale-able, spin-able, stacked, boom or interlaced with up to 360 degree configurations for powered body armor, space suit, robots, in-ambulatory care, mobility assist, muscle rehab, rov, fire, scuba, avalanche survival, air to air refueling arm, mobile pipe,  jet powered megga-mecca, ornithopters, multi limbed- creatures … 
Air bag piston heads get over pressure to lock the joint and pressure bypass valves help to reclaim lost air and improve reaction time. Hoses are interlinked via chain-mail or "zip-lines". Overall weight and lifting capacity depends on if you use 3 inch diameter 3,000psi concrete hose or 100 psi hose, if you go hydraulic instead of air its even heavier <br>
On a shoulder joint 6 inch outside diameter, 1” thick  using 1000 psi air in 18, 1”interlinked runflat tubes, (7 x 1000 psi pull 7 x 1000 psi push  ( 4 are locked)) = 7,000 lbs. Length is based on turn diameter and arc:( 6” diam 360  deg = 18” +1” for attachment rings.) <br>
Pistons arms are steel or carbon fiber or can even be soft (Kevlar rope/hose)drilled for 1 to 4 air holes(air can be released from either side of the piston head or from the rings) piston heads are airbags or pneumatic “fluidic muscle” with inline air pressure sensing switches. Uses compressed air from hose/gas booster or backpack/shield motor/air-compressor. fighter pilot like g/flack feedback suit with pressure pads to control fly by wire on-board computer, arduinos and valves.

